docs: Document kw.net.lookupHost, kw.oci.verifyPubKeysImage (#38)
kubewarden/cel-policy: README.md

## CEL Policy

> This is a meta-policy that allows to run [CEL](https://github.com/google/cel-go) expressions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a meta-policy that allows running [CEL](https://github.com/google/cel-go) expressions
```

against Kubernetes resources.

> A meta-policy is a policy that can be configured via settings, and does not require to be recompiled to change its behavior, acting as a DSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A meta-policy is a policy that can be configured via settings, and does not require recompilation to change its behavior, acting as a DSL.
```

The settings of the policy are compliant with the [ValidatingAdmissionPolicy Kubernetes resource](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/),
please refer to [writing a policy](#writing-a-policy) for more information on what fields are supported.

The policy is implemented using [CEL](https://github.com/google/cel-go) and [Kubernetes CEL libraries](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/apiserver/pkg/cel/library), together with our own Kubewarden CEL library extensions for context-aware calls.

> This allows to reuse the same CEL syntax and functions that are available in Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows reusing the same CEL syntax and functions that are available in Kubernetes.
```
